that's just wrong the US president said
for the first time in an interview with
us media on Wednesday that US military
aid to Israel will be conditioned on the
Israeli military's actions and
acknowledged that Us weapons are being
used to kill civilians in Gaza civilians
have been killed in Gaza as a
consequence of those bombs they go into
Rafa I'm not supplying the weapons that
have been used historically to deal with
Rafa I've made it clear to BB in the war
cabinet they're not going to get our
support if in fact they go on these
population centers the major shift in
position from Joe Biden who has
previously pledged unconditional support
for Israel was foreshadowed by a recent
delay in providing us bombs to Israel
the US defense secretary told a senate
panel the delivery was paused due to
concerns about Israel's plans to invade
Rafa Israel shouldn't launch a a major
attack in arafa without accounting for
uh and protecting the civilians that are
in that battle space uh and and again as
we have uh assessed the situation uh we
paused one shipment of high high uh uh
payload uh Munitions Biden has faced
increasing pressure from protesters who
have demonstrated in solidarity with
Palestinians across American college
campuses and in Chicago where he made a
campaign stop on Wednesday Biden has
also faced calls from Progressive
members of his own party to end Israel's
unconditional military aid Congressional
leaders offered a muted response to the
delayed arms shipment I uh believe that
Israel and America have an ironclad
relationship and I uh have faith in what
the Biden Administration is doing I
continue to express my concern to the
administration that the delay of
shipment of weapons to Israel is just
another way of trying to tell an ally
how to conduct to war Biden says the US
will still provide Israel with defensive
weapons and the US defense secretary
says the US Israeli Alliance remains
Ironclad but a major ground invasion of
Rafa would be seen by the us as a red
line and Biden says Israel Crossing it
would be quote just wrong Heidi Joe
Castro Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer